Ramayana Ballet
The Ramayana Ballet tells the story of a legendary epic, presented in a series of graceful dance movements accompanied by gamelan music an orchestra of traditional Javanese instruments. For those who enjoy cultural displays, this is a splendid performance that is not to be missed. The story of Ramayana tells the heroic tale of King Rama and his royal wife Sinta. It is an epic story, a metaphor about the triumph of good over evil.
At Prambanan you can see the ballet at the foot of the magnificent temple, with the rising full moon as its backdrop. Described as a must see this is a beautiful performance that draws in dance, drama and music onto one stage. See the legend come to life in an evening performance with the sparkling Prambanan temple all lit up providing a spectacular backdrop. There, you will be drawn in by the magic of this ballet.

Tour MotoGPSepang2017

Raja Tours Indonesia, hello GP Mania!Calendar of MotoGP in 2016/2017 season is already released. Season 2017 for MotoGP would be more riders and teams. Also some riders would drive in their new team such as Jorge Lorenzon in Ducati, Maverick Vinales in Movistar Yamaha and Andrea Iannone in Suzuki Ecstar. Well, next year the event would be very nice to see! And MotoGPSepang 2017 would be held on 27-29th of October 2017.
As yearly tour program, Raja Tours Indonesia offers Tour MotoGPSepang for the third times in 2017. We really concern to give nice event for MotoGP fans from whole the world and Indonesia is as special. We already have experiences to arrange Tour MotoGPSepang since 2015. And all of these were really well done tour ever. Find it out our Tour MotoGPSepang 2017 by Raja Tours Indonesia below.
A.	2 Days 1 Night
B.	3 Days 2 Nights
C.	4 Days 3 Nights
Visiting Malaysia is a dream for some people. And Raja Tours Indonesia already arranged for Kuala Lumpur city tour during Tour MotoGPSepang 2017. You will visit Petronas Twin Tower, KL Tower, Batu Cave, PasarSeni, Masjid Agung and Merdeka Square.And also Raja Tours Indonesiawould like to offer the tour is included flight ticket, accommodation, city tour and the circuit ticket. Let’s join Raja Tours Indonesia for Tour MotoGPSepang 2017.
Tour MotoGPSepang 2017
Raja Tours Indonesia, halo GP Mania! KalenderMotoGPmusim 2016/2017 sudahterbit. Musim 2016/2017 untukMotoGPakanlebihbanyakpembalapdan team. Dan jugabeberapapembalapbergabungke team lain seperti Jorge Lorenzo di Ducati, Maverick Vinales di Movistar Yamaha dan Andrea Iannone di Suzuki Ecstar. MotoGPtahundepanakansangatmenarikuntukdilihat! Dan MotoGPSepang 2017 akandiselenggarakanpada 27-29 Oktober 2017.
Sebagaijadwalturtahunan, Raja Tours Indonesia menawarkan Tour MotoGPSepanguntukketigakalinya di tahun 2017. Kami sangatpeduliuntukmemberikan para penggemarMotoGPdariseluruhduniadan Indonesia padakhususnya. Kami sudahmemilikipengalamanuntukmemberikan Tour MotoGPSepangsejak 2015. Dan semuanyaberjalandengansangatbaik. Silahkancek Tour MotoGPSepang 2017 yang ditawarkanoleh Raja Tours Indonesia dibawahini.
A.	2 Hari 1 Malam
B.	3 Hari 2 Malam
C.	4 Hari 3 Malam
Mengunjungi Malaysia adalahsebuahmimpiuntukbeberapa orang! Dan Raja Tours Indonesia telahmenawarkanuntukjalan-jalan di Kuala Lumpur untukmengunjungibeberapatempatselama Tour MotoGPSepang 2017. YaituMenaraKembarPetronas, Menara KL, Batu Cave, PasarSeni, Masjid Agung Malaysia danLapanganMerdeka. Dan Raja Tours Indonesia menawarkanpaket tour yang sudahtermasuktiketpesawatpulangpergi, penginapan, jalan-jalandantiketmasuksirkuit. Ayo bergabung Raja Tours Indonesia untuk Tour MotoGPSepang 2017.
